Implemented new docs structure (#53)
dappforce/subsocial-docs: docs/develop/how-to-guides/spaces/FetchingSpaces.md

---
id: fetch-spaces
title: Fetch Spaces
displayed_sidebar: developSidebar
---

> **This sections covers how to fetch space from Subsocial blockchain.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**This sections covers how to fetch spaces from the Subsocial blockchain.**
```
